sorry uribe that better start
could you have a team
obviously happy with the first
our field by closing a game of
this way and prove that toluca has
campus to be fighting the two
fast fronts came to the first
day and in the cup m good thanks to
God
be the first match in our field
our people and hopefully the beginning of
very big things I think it was
positive because of three quarters of
court followed we greatly improved the
time like I was a bit hard not
it cost us to acclimatize ourselves in the game
necaxa closed the spaces well
we had space to generate much
advantage of three quarters cancer court
backward
defensively it seems to me that we
missed more than the offensive then
then we coordinate second time and the
spectacular game team the truth that
I really liked the coordination or
brambila was adapted very played much better
very well rivers and after 29 it gives you
an important balance in the area of
dance and worry maybe the
Mexican soccer player you have to
follow it closely to continue working
already with us today he made a very game
important and it's a cent for goal I
I think it will make a difference
we work inaugurating
as we talk to him with me he plays the
that the one who trains the one who is well does not
age very important by your name
not the truth imagine the debut something very
father that I have dreamed since I was a child
Best of the best that you have the most
important of my life from my career to
my future
the coach told him that very well
to continue down that same path
getting in and running and then thanks to
God, we have to follow him, not yes, thanks to
God, if possible, could be written down but
it is important to note for all
all the forwards so you have to
highlight also the situations that
created the team so that we can
mark